Update wasm page for CORS headers (#11477)
flutter/website: src/content/platform-integration/web/wasm.md

final isRunningWithWasm = identical(double.nan, double.nan);
```

### Serve the built output with an HTTP server

Flutter web WebAssembly uses multiple threads to render your application

> faster, with less jank. To do this, advanced browser features are used that
> require specific HTTP response headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
faster, with less jank. To do this, Flutter uses advanced browser features that
require specific HTTP response headers.
```

Making the sentence active.
